New layout and sections (#51)
dandi/handbook: docs/11_view.md

# View Dandisets

## Browse `Dandisets`

When you go the [DANDI Web application](https://dandiarchive.org/) you can click 
on `PUBLIC DANDISET` to have access to all `Dandisets` currently available 
in the archive and you can sort them  by name, identifier or date of modification. 

<img
src="./img/web_browse.png"
alt="web_browse"
style="width: 60%; height: auto; display: block; margin-left: auto;  margin-right: auto;"/>

## Search `Dandisets`

> In addition you can search across the `Dandisets` for specific contributor name or phrase,
> e.g. "house mouse", to get a subset of all `Dandisets`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition you can search across the `Dandisets` for any text part of the Dandiset metadata record. 
The text may be about contributor names, modalities, or species.  For example,  `"house mouse"` will
return a subset of all `Dandisets`, while `"mouse house"` will likely not return any. When unquoted each
word is used as an `OR`.
```

<img
src="./img/web_search.png"
alt="web_search"
style="width: 60%; height: auto; display: block; margin-left: auto;  margin-right: auto;"/>

> When you click on one of the `Dandisets` you can see that the searching phrase could
> appear in the description, keywords, or in the assets summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click on one of the `Dandisets` you can see that the searching phrase can
appear in the description, keywords, or in the assets summary.
```

<img
src="./img/web_search_dandiset.png"
alt="web_search_dandiset"
style="width: 60%; height: auto; display: block; margin-left: auto;  margin-right: auto;"/>

> 

Reviewer: Should add a section about "My dandisets" for the registered user.

## `Dandisets` metadata

The landing page of each `Dandiset` contains important information including 
metadata provided by the owners such as contact information, description, license, access information and keywords, or simple statistics for `Dandiset` such as size of the `Dandiset` and number of files.

<img
src="./img/web_dandiset_lp.png"
alt="web_dandiset_lp"
style="width: 60%; height: auto; display: block; margin-left: auto;  margin-right: auto;"/>

If you scroll down, you will also find:
- Assets Summary
- Funding Information
- Related Resources

> More detailed information you can find after choosing `Metadata` on the right side panel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While most of the metadata is summarized on the landing page, some additional information can be 
found by clicking `Metadata` on the right side panel. For Dandiset owners, this button also allows 
adding relevant metadata to populate the landing page.
```

<img
src="./img/web_dandiset_metadata.png"
alt="web_dandiset_metadata"
style="width: 60%; height: auto; display: block; margin-left: auto;  margin-right: auto;"/>

## File view

> The right side panel allows you also to access the list of folders and files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The right side panel allows you also to access a file browser to navigate the list of folders and files
in a Dandiset.
```

<img
src="./img/web_dandiset_files.png"
alt="web_dandiset_files"
style="width: 60%; height: auto; display: block; margin-left: auto;  margin-right: auto;"/>

Any file in the `Dandiset` has a download icon
You can click this icon to download a file to your device where you are browsing
or right click to get the download URL of the file.

> In addition there is an info icon that leads to full asset metadata. Some file also have a link to external services that can open the file (please note that all of this services have size limits, so they can be used only for small files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition there is an info icon that leads to full asset metadata. Some files also have a link to external services that can open the file. *Note:* that these services often have size limits and hence are activated only for appropriately sized files.
```

# View Dandisets

## Browse `Dandisets`

When you go the [DANDI Web application](https://dandiarchive.org/) you can click 
on `PUBLIC DANDISET` to have access to all `Dandisets` currently available 

> in the archive and you can sort them  by name, identifier or date of modification. 

Reviewer 2: in the archive and you can sort them by name, identifier, or date of modification.

<img
src="./img/web_browse.png"
alt="web_browse"
style="width: 60%; height: auto; display: block; margin-left: auto;  margin-right: auto;"/>

## Search `Dandisets`
In addition you can search across the `Dandisets` for any text part of the Dandiset metadata record. 
The text may be about contributor names, modalities, or species.  For example,  `"house mouse"` will
return a subset of all `Dandisets`, while `"mouse house"` will likely not return any. When unquoted each
word is used as an `OR`.

<img
src="./img/web_search.png"
alt="web_search"
style="width: 60%; height: auto; display: block; margin-left: auto;  margin-right: auto;"/>

> When you click on one of the `Dandisets` you can see that the searching phrase can

Reviewer 2: When you click on one of the `Dandisets`, you can see that the searching phrase can
